Add Claims and Capability Support to Managed Identity Flows (#3350)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: docs/design/managed_identity_capabilities_devex.md

# Microsoft.Identity.Web – Claims & Client Capabilities Mini‑Spec (Managed Identity)

> ## Why ClientCapabilities (cp1)?

Reviewer: I would reorder this. This spec is not about client capabilities, it is about CAE.

Author: fixed

> Adding the `cp1` client‑capability tells Microsoft Entra ID your service can handle Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) claims challenges. Tokens will include an extra xms_cc claim, allowing near‑realtime revocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `cp1` client‑capability tells Microsoft Entra ID your service can handle Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) claims challenges, allowing near‑realtime revocation.
```

## Overview

> cp1 signals to Microsoft Entra ID that a workload identity can handle Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) claims challenges. When a token includes the extra xms_cc claim, Azure can revoke the token (or demand additional claims) in near‑realtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cp1` signals to Microsoft Entra ID that a workload identity can handle Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) claims challenges. When a token includes the extra claim, a CAE capable resource can revoke the token, and respond with a 401 Unauthorized, accompanied by a WWW-Authenticate header which contains a claims challenge in the `claims` attribute. 
```

## Design Goals

| #   | Goal                                                         | Success Metric                                           |
|-----|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| G1  | Transparent CAE retry with cache-bypass on 401 claims challenge. | Secret or Graph call recovers without developer code.    |
| G2  | Declarative client capabilities via configuration.           | Single place to add `cp1`; all MI calls include it.      |

## 5 · Public API Impact

no changes to the public api.

## Configuration 

```
{
  "AzureAd": {
    "ClientCapabilities": [ "cp1" ]
  },

  // Resource entry (example)
  "AzureKeyVault": {
    "BaseUrl": "https://<your‑vault>.vault.azure.net/",
    "RelativePath": "secrets/<secret-name>?api-version=7.4",
    "RequestAppToken": true,
    "Scopes": [ "https://vault.azure.net/.default" ],

    "AcquireTokenOptions": {
      "ManagedIdentity": {
        "UserAssignedClientId": "<user-assigned-mi-client-id>"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Code 

```cs
// register the downstream API using the "AzureKeyVault" section ────

> factory.Services.AddDownstreamApi("AzureKeyVault",

Author: removed

    factory.Configuration.GetSection("AzureKeyVault"));
IServiceProvider sp = factory.Build();
IDownstreamApi api = sp.GetRequiredService<IDownstreamApi>();

// ── 3. call the vault (app-token path) ──────────────────────────────────

> HttpResponseMessage response = await api.CallApiForAppAsync("AzureKeyVault");

Reviewer: This is good, but what about IAuthorizationHeader provider. Is it even an option for MSI?

Author: added in docs and also added a test
